please welcome last year's Academy Award
winner for best actress Nicole Kidman
a passionate romantic grown-up bad boy
with a temper an older commanding
patriarch a pirate and a man in a
midlife crisis for women these are the
five stages of dating in Hollywood for
Oscar they are the characters created by
five extraordinarily talented actors the
nominees for Best Performance by an
actor in a leading role are Johnny Depp
in Pirates of the Caribbean the curse of
the Black Pearl Ben Kingsley in House of
Sand and Fog
Jude Law and cold mountain
Bill Murray and lost in translation Sean
Penn in Mystic River
and the Oscar goes to Sean Penn this is
the first Academy Award and fourth
nomination for Sean Penn he was
previously nominated for his leading
performances in I am so sweet and
lowdown and dead man walking
thank you if there's one thing that
actors know that other than that there
weren't any WMDs it's it's that there is
no such thing as best in acting and
that's proven by these great actors that
I was nominated with as well as the
as well as the Jamaat eased cages Downey
Jr's Nicholson's etc that were not
nominated we know how great all of you
were my daughter Dylan and son hopper
find it presumptuous and embarrassing to
write a speech and so I'm going to give
it a go without God I really thank clint
eastwood professionally and humanely for
coming into my life
the great great cast that I had to work
with my friends and where do you go
Dennis Lehane Brian Helgeland MA
dad and Robin for being an undying
emotional inspiration on this roller
coaster I'm learning to enjoy thank you
all very much